c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
